TINY-10314: Fix mutiple caret display on Firefox (#9182)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Fixed

> - By clicking to the left or right of a non-editable `div` in Firefox we get 2 carets. #TINY-10314

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clicking to the left or right of a non-editable `div` in Firefox would show two cursors. #TINY-10314
```

Author: changed
